.TH LPF-E2E 8 "June 2026" "lpf 0.1.0-dev" "lpf Manual"
.SH NAME
lpf\-e2e \- run Firecracker guest end\-to\-end networking scenarios
.SH SYNOPSIS
lpf e2e run [\-\-scenario\-count <n>] [\-\-junit <path>] [\-\-allure\-dir <dir>] [\-\-evidence\-dir <dir>] [\-\-kernel\-id <id>]
.SH DESCRIPTION
Run real end\-to\-end Linux networking scenarios intended for Firecracker guest validation.
The runner creates isolated network namespaces, veth links, nftables rules, policy routing entries, tc HTB shaping state, and conntrack evidence.
The default catalog contains 550 deterministic scenarios and supports up to 1000 scenarios across nftables IPv4/IPv6 accept/drop/logging, policy routing, traffic shaping, conntrack, cleanup, readback, and negative\-update families.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\-\-scenario\-count <n>
number of scenarios to run; must be between 1 and 1000, default 550
.TP
\-\-junit <path>
write JUnit XML for Jenkins trend reporting
.TP
\-\-allure\-dir <dir>
write Allure result JSON files
.TP
\-\-evidence\-dir <dir>
write a sanitized evidence manifest and per\-scenario JSONL command log
.TP
\-\-kernel\-id <id>
attach a CI kernel label to reports
.TP
\-\-dry\-run
generate catalog reports without changing networking state
.SH EXAMPLES
lpf e2e run \-\-scenario\-count 550 \-\-junit evidence/junit.xml \-\-allure\-dir allure\-results
lpf e2e run \-\-scenario\-count 990 \-\-junit evidence/junit.xml \-\-allure\-dir allure\-results \-\-evidence\-dir evidence/matrix \-\-kernel\-id kernel\-7.1
lpf e2e run \-\-dry\-run \-\-scenario\-count 1000 \-\-evidence\-dir evidence/dry\-run
lpf e2e list \-\-scenario\-count 12
.SH FILES
/run/netns
/var/lib/lpf/e2e
allure\-results
evidence/junit.xml
evidence/scenario\-log.jsonl
.SH SAFETY NOTES
Run inside an isolated Firecracker VM or disposable lab host.
The runner requires root and CAP_NET_ADMIN.
Do not run against a production network namespace.
.SH EXIT STATUS
0 on success.
Non\-zero when validation, planning, or host operations fail.
.SH SEE ALSO
lpf\-test(8), lpf\-diff(8)
