.TH LPF-DIFF 8 "June 2026" "lpf 0.1.3" "lpf Manual"
.SH NAME
lpf\-diff \- show the delta between current host state and a plan
.SH SYNOPSIS
lpf diff [\-\-backend nftables|tc|routing] [\-\-observed <path>|\-\-live] [\-\-json] <policy>
.SH DESCRIPTION
Compare a generated plan with current lpf\-owned host state across backends.
nftables backend: reads live state by default, extracts lpf\-owned table blocks, and diffs them against rendered intent.
tc backend: reads qdisc/class state per device and performs semantic comparison against compiled plans.
routing backend: reads ip rule and ip route state and performs semantic comparison.
Supplying \-\-observed reads raw state text from a file or stdin for deterministic tests.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\-\-backend nftables
select nftables diffing; this is the default
.TP
\-\-backend tc
select traffic\-control qdisc/class diffing
.TP
\-\-backend routing
select policy\-routing rule and route\-table diffing
.TP
\-\-observed <path>
read observed backend text from a file or \- for stdin
.TP
\-\-live
read observed backend state from the host; this is the default
.TP
\-\-json
emit machine\-readable diff status
.SH EXAMPLES
lpf diff /etc/lpf.conf
lpf diff \-\-observed current.nft fixtures/policies/basic.lpf
lpf diff \-\-backend tc \-\-live fixtures/policies/queue.lpf
lpf diff \-\-backend routing \-\-live fixtures/policies/route\-to.lpf
lpf diff \-\-json /etc/lpf.conf
.SH FILES
/etc/lpf.conf
/var/lib/lpf/history
/var/lib/lpf/rollback
.SH SAFETY NOTES
This command is read\-only.
.SH EXIT STATUS
0 on success.
Non\-zero when validation, planning, or host operations fail.
.SH SEE ALSO
lpf\-plan(8), lpf\-rules(8)
